Tingchuan
You just protected him and carried out a knife in my company
Who gave you the courage?
He provoked me first
It was self-defense. Shut up
You let me go
You are just a dog that Mr. Gu keeps
I am Miss Shen family
If you have anything to say, tell the police
Miss Shen
So so
You are a wife
What kind of confusing drugs did you turn off with your work?
Are you all right?
Oh, thank you kindly.
Your hand is hurt.
Did you get scratched by a knife just now?
It's okay, minor injuries
Why don't you go to the hospital?
No.
No, Mr. Gu got hurt because of me
Anyway.
I should go in and show it
Take care of your injury
I'll deal with it for you, I said it's alright.
Then you can disinfect it at least.
Otherwise you will get a bacterial infection
You care about me
Of course, even a small opening
Then he was also stabbed
Did you come prepared?
I always have a small first aid kit.
I didn't expect it to come in handy
It may hurt a little.